Teslemetry: migrate actions to dedicated action pages (#46079)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/teslemetry.remove_precondition_schedule.markdown

---
title: "Remove precondition schedule"
action: teslemetry.remove_precondition_schedule
domain: teslemetry
description: "Removes a preconditioning schedule from the vehicle."
related_actions:
  - teslemetry.add_precondition_schedule
  - teslemetry.remove_charge_schedule
---

The **Remove precondition schedule** action deletes a location-based preconditioning schedule from your Tesla vehicle. You identify the schedule to remove by its schedule ID.

> Use it to clean up preconditioning schedules you no longer need, for example removing a schedule after a change in your routine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preconditioning warms the battery for improved performance and warms up or cools down the cabin so the car is comfortable by a set time on the days you choose.
Use this action to clean up preconditioning schedules you no longer need, for example removing a schedule after a change in your routine.
```

4. In the **Then do** section, select **Add action**.
5. From the search box, search for and select **Teslemetry: Remove precondition schedule**.
6. Select the **Vehicle**.
7. Enter the **Schedule ID** to remove.
8. Select **Save**.

### Options in the UI

{% options_ui %}
Vehicle:
  description: The vehicle to remove the schedule from.
Schedule ID:
  description: The ID of the schedule to remove.
{% endoptions_ui %}

{% include actions/yaml_header.md %}

In YAML, refer to this action as `teslemetry.remove_precondition_schedule`. A basic example looks like this:

{% example %}
action: |
  action: teslemetry.remove_precondition_schedule
  data:
    device_id: 0d462c0c4c0b064b1a91cdbd1ffcbd31
    id: 1
{% endexample %}

This removes the preconditioning schedule with ID `1`.

### Options in YAML

{% options_yaml %}
device_id:
  description: >
    The ID of the vehicle to remove the schedule from.
  required: true
  type: string
id:
  description: >
    The ID of the schedule to remove.
  required: true
  type: integer
{% endoptions_yaml %}

{% include actions/try_it.md %}

{% include actions/more_examples.md %}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
